Achen knows
Even the old officials who have returned home are writing to me
Say I'm stupid
Choose you as the prince
Your Majesty is not well
Outside the palace gate, with strict pine
The civilian officials led by Qin Wei are on the ground
Regular can't afford
There is also a journey between national characters
The head is broken and bleeding in Minglanggu
They were shouting and shouting.
They shouted that His Royal Highness ruled the country and fainted
Opening the imperial examination to a country with a poor door is the root of destroying the country
Sorry, Emperor
I'm even more sorry for the Manchu civil and military
If you insist on holding the imperial examination
They would rather be killed by the palace gate
Prince, can you hear me?
resurrection
Imperial Examination
It was in their hands that they seized the channel of competition
Of course they had to stop the prince
Imperial Examination and National Policy War
Once implemented
You will face the crimes of the entire elite
Grand Dao is the prime minister of the dynasty
Think of Jiupin officials
Where is deep?
Too much resistance
Even I dare not do it
Phoenix
I want to try
Right now, officials are elected.
The teacher is cleaning the students.
It's been a long time.
The whole court is full of those who have no country in their eyes
No relationship with the emperor
You can do it if you want.
I give you a chance
But if it fails
I have to kill you too
To quell the anger of the powerful alliance
If successful
The next emperor will be you
It's a deal.
How are you going to do it?
I can only slowly figure it out now
Imperial court minister Yongchen dragon snake bastard
Xian Chen has many guards and sends more to his related households
I want to separate some relationship households first
Leave some vacancies
How to distinguish the eternal heroes of the scientific system
Let them hand in the daily monthly report
And monthly performance goals
We can see at a glance who is fishing in troubled waters